projects/severn/discord.mdx, before:

---
title: "Severn - Discord"
---

As you know from the previous page, Severn is a Discord and a Fluxer bot. This page documents the **Discord** edition of Severn.

# Important information

Here is some things everyone using Severn should know:

- The prefix is `v!`.

<Accordion title="Prefix Example">
  <Frame>
    ![Screenshot of a user saying v!ping to a bot named Severn.](/images/severnpingexample.png)
  </Frame>
</Accordion>

- Severn is in **alpha** and is VERY buggy.

# Installation

Severn can be installed in 2 ways. They are:

- Administrator Install
- Fine-grained Install

**_I strongly recommend the Administrator Install, see below for more._**

### What does Administrator Install mean?

Administrator Install means you grant the bot (Severn) the Administrator permission.

<Warning>
  Administrator is a **dangerous** permission to grant!
</Warning>

The only upside to this is that you **do not** have to kick and re-add Severn to your server when it needs a new permission.

### What does Fine-grained Install mean?

Fine-grained Install means the bot will only be given the permissions it **requires** to work properly.

<Info>
  This is the safest route for large servers.
</Info>

The only downside to this is that you **have to** have to kick and re-add Severn to your server when it needs a new permission.

### Get Severn

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1434851618339160184&permissions=8&integration_type=0&scope=bot" cta="Add to Discord via OAuth2" title="Administrator Install">
    This will install Severn to your server with **Administrator** permissions.
  </Card>
  <Card cta="Unavailable" title="Fine-grained Install">
    You cannot use Fine-grained Install at this time.
  </Card>
</Columns>

# Features

Here's a quick rundown of what Severn can do. He can:

- Tell jokes
- Roll a dice
- Pester you with Parrot
- Give you a nice QoTD
- Do math and equate Pi.
- Give you your - or another's avatar.
- Give you [Krystal](/projects/krystal) points for doing a good job at a game.

That's about it at the moment!

# Commands

You can always see commands with `v!help` or `/help` but here they are:

### Fun

`v!coinflip` - Flips a coin and gives you either Heads or Tails.

`v!dog` - Gives you a random dog image.

`v!eightball` - Ask Severn's 8ball a question!

`v!game` - Helper for Severn's [games](/projects/severn/discord#Games)

`v!joke` - Gives you a random joke.

`v!roll` - Rolls a dice (1-6).

`v!say` - Make Severn say something! (This is filtered.)

### Math

`v!math` - Calculates the given math expression.

`v!pi` - Calculate Pi up to a specified number.

### QoTD

`v!setqotd` - Sets the question of the day channel.

### Utility

`v!about` - Severn will tell you about him!

`v!avatar` - Shows your or another user's avatar.

`v!daily` - Gives you daily [Krystal](/projects/krystal) points. (This only works if Krystal is in the guild.)

`v!help` - Shows you the help screen.

`v!info` - Information about the bot at that given moment.

`v!invite` - Creates a invite to the current server with a optional attached role.

`v!parrot` - Turn Parrot on and off

`v!ping` - Shows you the Bot's ping and the Server ping.

`v!setup` - Button-based wrapper for `v!qotdset` and `v!parrot`

`v!support` - Gives you a invite to the Severn and Krystal support server.

**That's it!**

Commit message:

Update Severn Discord game commands and add Games section

projects/severn/discord.mdx, after:

---
title: "Severn - Discord"
---

As you know from the previous page, Severn is a Discord and a Fluxer bot. This page documents the **Discord** edition of Severn.

# Important information

Here is some things everyone using Severn should know:

- The prefix is `v!`.

<Accordion title="Prefix Example">
  <Frame>
    ![Screenshot of a user saying v!ping to a bot named Severn.](/images/severnpingexample.png)
  </Frame>
</Accordion>

- Severn is in **alpha** and is VERY buggy.

# Installation

Severn can be installed in 2 ways. They are:

- Administrator Install
- Fine-grained Install

**_I strongly recommend the Administrator Install, see below for more._**

### What does Administrator Install mean?

Administrator Install means you grant the bot (Severn) the Administrator permission.

<Warning>
  Administrator is a **dangerous** permission to grant!
</Warning>

The only upside to this is that you **do not** have to kick and re-add Severn to your server when it needs a new permission.

### What does Fine-grained Install mean?

Fine-grained Install means the bot will only be given the permissions it **requires** to work properly.

<Info>
  This is the safest route for large servers.
</Info>

The only downside to this is that you **have to** have to kick and re-add Severn to your server when it needs a new permission.

### Get Severn

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1434851618339160184&permissions=8&integration_type=0&scope=bot" cta="Add to Discord via OAuth2" title="Administrator Install">
    This will install Severn to your server with **Administrator** permissions.
  </Card>
  <Card cta="Unavailable" title="Fine-grained Install">
    You cannot use Fine-grained Install at this time.
  </Card>
</Columns>

# Features

Here's a quick rundown of what Severn can do. He can:

- Tell jokes
- Roll a dice
- Pester you with Parrot
- Give you a nice QoTD
- Do math and equate Pi.
- Give you your - or another's avatar.
- Give you [Krystal](/projects/krystal) points for doing a good job at a game.

That's about it at the moment!

# Commands

You can always see commands with `v!help` or `/help` but here they are:

### Fun

`v!coinflip` - Flips a coin and gives you either Heads or Tails.

`v!dog` - Gives you a random dog image.

`v!eightball` - Ask Severn's 8ball a question!

`v!game` - Helper for Severn's [games](#games)

`v!joke` - Gives you a random joke.

`v!roll` - Rolls a dice (1-6).

`v!say` - Make Severn say something! (This is filtered.)

### Math

`v!math` - Calculates the given math expression.

`v!pi` - Calculate Pi up to a specified number.

### QoTD

`v!setqotd` - Sets the question of the day channel.

### Utility

`v!about` - Severn will tell you about him!

`v!avatar` - Shows your or another user's avatar.

`v!daily` - Gives you daily [Krystal](/projects/krystal) points. (This only works if Krystal is in the guild.)

`v!help` - Shows you the help screen.

`v!info` - Information about the bot at that given moment.

`v!invite` - Creates a invite to the current server with a optional attached role.

`v!parrot` - Turn Parrot on and off

`v!ping` - Shows you the Bot's ping and the Server ping.

`v!setup` - Button-based wrapper for `v!qotdset` and `v!parrot`

`v!support` - Gives you a invite to the Severn and Krystal support server.

# Games
Severn has a few games:

`v!game trivia` Gives you a multiple choice question.

`v!game rhyme` You have to rhyme the word before the time runs out!

**That's it!**
